rename aad to EID and remove OSM (#111)
Azure/AKS-Landing-Zone-Accelerator: Scenarios/AKS-OpenAI-CogServe-Redis-Embeddings/ACR-Build-CICD-Challenge.md

Assumption is that infrastructure, setting variables and keyvault secrets were done following OpenAI Scenario  steps in [README.md](../AKS-OpenAI-CogServe-Redis-Embeddings/README.md)

## Create GitHub Identity Federated with Microsoft Entra ID 

Simplest way to create template for Github workflow is to use AKS **Automated deployments** wizard.

> It will create Github identity federated with Enter ID and grant to it required permissions to AKS and ACR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create GitHub identity federated with Microsoft Entra ID and grant to it required permissions to AKS and ACR.
```

## Create GitHub Identity Federated with Microsoft Entra ID 

Simplest way to create template for Github workflow is to use AKS **Automated deployments** wizard.

> It will create Github identity federated with Microsoft Entra and grant to it required permissions to AKS and ACR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create GitHub identity federated with Microsoft Entra ID and grant to it required permissions to AKS and ACR.
```
